what's going on guys pepper Bella here
bringing you a quick recruitment video
for our outfit in planetside 2 where
you're the vanu hot drop syndicate we
like to get shit done we like to pick
fights with bigger opposition and we
tend to win them as well which is quite
nice we are on the watterson us eat
server and we are on the vanu
sovereignty sided you can clearly tell
and also by the name van new hot drops
syndicate we like to hot drop into enemy
territories and destroy them effectively
with smiles and smirks on our face while
getting lots of certification points in
the process to upgrade our stuff quite
handsomely we are led by experienced
players so these guys have been playing
since planetside one primarily our
outfit leader and he knows exactly
what's going on he's actually he's like
commander shepard if you want to go into
that context except he doesn't lead just
a two-man team he's actually very
organizing it was exactly what the hell
is going on and very good at doing so
but we still need more members we have a
hundred over a hundred members at the
moment we're still growing every day and
if you guys want to get in contact with
me simply comment below you can also
contact the in-game if you happen to
join the watterson us east server
contact me pepper bellies 01 in the game
can also contact ill-tempered and i'll
put his name in the description so you
can see he's the leader of the outfit or
a few others i'll put some key names in
the description that you can probably
add as a friend in the game you're
almost guaranteed to find us we're in a
squad called the vanu hot drop syndicate
look for a squad name that and chances
are you will find us somewhere in there
to communicate with us you can join the
squad's we have specific squads
dedicated to outfit members and pilots
so we're looking for pretty much anyone
who wants to play if you don't know what
the hell you're doing we will assist you
in becoming better we will teach you the
ways of the false of God not not the
force but you know whatever anyway and
we're going to teach you how to become
better we're going to help you
understand the game more often we have a
forum I will post the forum link in
description at some point but basically
you want to have
on this is the way to go if you play as
the van der if you prefer van you that's
great also there are rivalries yes the
Terran Republic you guys probably know
from videos I mentioned the past that
the u.s. East on Watterson server has
let the brick drop which is total
biscuits outfit which has probably a lot
of members I'm guessing because they
like to play dubstep while dropping in
on people and shooting them in the face
obnoxiously and they enjoy it and it
looks great but I'm pretty sure we can
combat them I'm pretty sure we're
effective and although TR is pretty much
a dominating faction on our server next
to us because new conglomerate isn't
really much of a challenge at the moment
kind of a shame whatever you know our
biggest enemy right now is currently
Terran Republic but what can I say she
gets intense whenever it gets intense
and the van new hot drops in ticket will
be there to kind of lighten the mood now
get our purple lights purple strobe
lights out and start having a rave party
or maybe make it all erotic and stuff
and sensual and things man while we
shoot you in the face with plasma
cannons and fuel rods things whatever
cool weapons and stuff so you can
contact us through the game like I just
said or you can contact me through the
comments section and if you're looking
to get into an outfits if you're looking
to have fun if you're looking to get
into planetside 2 but don't know where
to begin or where to start or worth do
you can contact me or contact one of the
following people i will put into
description over time so as soon as this
video goes up don't expect to see too
many names yet i gotta go and talk with
some of the outfit members some of the
outfit leaders and figure out exactly
how we're gonna go about doing this we
are relatively new outfit just so you
know but like i said we have over 100
members we're growing rapidly it's
pretty great so hoping to see you guys
on the battlefield take care guys
you